stuffed animal for night opportunity that
plaza king of power stallions
attention gave the order to look new
is it so
de sant martí does not open the score in the
Summer Tournament
pass hitman adventure that this time not
decided to break arcs and not give in for a
companion that goes from tray the
respect has thrown a martyr arm that
comes to connect with the movement comes
this number 8 gallardo
who passed annotation was commenting
something say san martín that a good
play with ball stopped and in the against
the money team found the tie
tell you me with them not what
I needed combining habitat because you
I say that this always happens to san
Martin
look only one single number 13
in default to live
if you want to find the tie of go where
he talked and claudi pushed her inside
to make the draw whether vladimir
marin vladimir for free do not follow in
technique but here we already carry as the
culminates in 3 against 2 you are in the base
the goal base goal pass would be
detonated
we asked for it and we also said a
instant before the start of the
counterattack had they feel like too
you have to put only a few things and
the definition for the two euros and with a
little complicity of the people of
of the Martin people because first they were
Afterwards the goalkeeper rebounds
well there he puts it up between first
stick and the name that is on the stick the
san martín and ends up putting the inside
of the stuffed animal not the stuffed animal
bid inside and vladimir morán
now yes sir
it's very down the ball goes away without
direction coming communal
lesson party is accommodated under the hand
golden nobody was expecting it to end with its
left-handed profile with rights to how
again and here under the legs and the
I was not getting to sticks 2 to 2 well
what of crowned because I also hook
to inside to hit him with leg
left pass passes between the legs
of dynamo man does not surprise the
archer is worth the effort the archer
because the goalkeeper makes the goal
plus
for people we need to know
yellow
a protection against one this can be
until in the party to protest
today
of salvat and safari 16 years and 1 l
has to tell them the professional
Peruvian soccer and now they are king 3 to 2
in favor and he did it and he knows there's a
important thing of that lack has to
see a lot the way it hits the
ball the first age finds the
space I had already thought about the good ones and
gives two touches
and they kicked him
but be wild
always happens the same network
what can I say to retouch that I can
say when we are talking about the debut
from number 10 to file diego
people
of a second and he gets inside
there is the television to the ceiling
look at the stars with these think what
you are going to do what you are going to do
but good is part of the game of san
Martin
but it's not going to be because you're going and it's just going to
be in the criminal in the criminal what one
out angel after addiction that has
wait more more dear to hope this was
the 43 and turn the criminal van damme
I want to see her again I want to see her
cabrera inconclusa paws or barbarian to
this cabreo where can be given for
hit him because he has power but now
I want to see
I think it seems the lack but I
it looks like it was out five seconds
five seconds later we finished
saldarriaga down what to play with the
medium
in the middle
so Jorge we are with diego safadi quin
could it be tonight the hero of san
Martin but as you said, no
they always tie him the san martín but of
take advantage of diego bueno
congratulations for the goal with another
sense not to debut and above all have
been very close to having been able to give
the triumph your team good very happy
of having turned out and may have marked
this
more than everything happy with the team
because they have caught me in the best way
all the team well united is by
misfortune to the last minute they tied us
but good hesitant no more
Obviously, to debut with a goal is a
debut dreamed and if it's like any
anyone
put a goal and more in the debut is something
awesome that I asked you well
specifically when we saw enter the
game field nothing that runs me
Endeavor that the best that most of all
that the first pass I saw it well to be
safer the others in conclusion that
that runs that forces me did not have
understood that you are a player more than
no football that I met you in the
Carmelite football soccer and this
I change the futsal as the ones taken as
you feel already practicing this sport
well how will you do it I really like it and such
and how quickly you play with that
you play and I hope that older in football
I was diego safa and play the
san martín university that debuted with
goal